The assignment asked us to submit two colabs : 

A.) Write an agent from scratch using tools in python : 
For part A  I created a text summarization AI Agent bot of text summarization. I used that bot to summarize two texts : First one is giving input a basic textual paragraph and second text thast I gave as input was a complex text gathered from wikipedia about Sachin Tendulkar.
I manually verified the summary generated by the agent and looked pretty cool to me!
colab link : https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1fqAYCAKgaM4gsJH6fVX04EIDcMKigUco?usp=sharing

B.) Write demonstrations of various agent types with langchain as colab : 
There are four types of langchain bots that are used to create AI Agents : 
1. Zero Shot React Agent: Utilizes pre-trained language models to generate responses to unseen tasks without specific training.

2. Conversational React Agent: Maintains conversational context for more natural, sustained dialogue with users.


3. React Docstore Agent: Searches a document database to provide informed responses based on stored information.


4. Self Ask with Search Agent: Performs autonomous searches to gather and use external information for answering queries.
I demonstrated the working and explaination of all the four bots (AI Agents) in the colab. 
colab link : https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1JGsCHnEpVqT9Pf_bUdLO8cOasgCFCs9b?usp=sharing

I have created a small video demonstrating the working and explaining both of the colabs that I created for this assignment. 
Video link : 
 
